Update 1db79316-6482-43bc-bed2-dbe18b303043.md (#186)
spryker/documentation: 202009.0/1db79316-6482-43bc-bed2-dbe18b303043.md

## Backoffice Security
Backoffice Application based on Zed Application Layer, contains business logic of your application and heavy Backend calculations. Also, Backoffice Application provides full control over the data via UI.
Even with a good ACL use, Backoffice contains sensitive data which must be secured by environment infrastructure. 

> System requirement: In ordeer to protect application and user data, Backoffice Application (Zed) must be secured in an Intranet (using VPN, Basic Auth, IP Allowlist, DMZ or other practices).

Author: ```suggestion
System requirement: In order to protect the application and user data, Backoffice Application (Zed) must be secured in an Intranet (using VPN, Basic Auth, IP Allowlist, DMZ, or other practices).
```
